disallow: /0
disallow: /00
disallow: /01
disallow: /02
disallow: /03
disallow: /1
disallow: /10
disallow: /100
disallow: /1000
disallow: /101
disallow: /102
disallow: /103
disallow: /1998
disallow: /1999
disallow: /1x1
disallow: /2
disallow: /20
disallow: /200
disallow: /2000
disallow: /2001
disallow: /2002
disallow: /2003
disallow: /2004
disallow: /2005
disallow: /2006
disallow: /2007
disallow: /3
disallow: /30
disallow: /300
disallow: /@
disallow: /A
disallow: /About
disallow: /AboutUs
disallow: /Admin
disallow: /Administration
disallow: /Archive
disallow: /Articles
disallow: /B
disallow: /BackOffice
disallow: /Blog
disallow: /Books
disallow: /Business
disallow: /C
disallow: /CPAN
disallow: /CVS
disallow: /CYBERDOCS
disallow: /CYBERDOCS25
disallow: /CYBERDOCS31
disallow: /ChangeLog
disallow: /Computers
disallow: /Contact
disallow: /ContactUs
disallow: /Content
disallow: /Creatives
disallow: /D
disallow: /Default
disallow: /Download
disallow: /Downloads
disallow: /E
disallow: /Education
disallow: /English
disallow: /Entertainment
disallow: /Events
disallow: /Extranet
disallow: /F
disallow: /FAQ
disallow: /G
disallow: /Games
disallow: /Global
disallow: /Graphics
disallow: /H
disallow: /HTML
disallow: /Health
disallow: /Help
disallow: /Home
disallow: /I
disallow: /INSTALL_admin
disallow: /Image
disallow: /Images
disallow: /Index
disallow: /Internet
disallow: /J
disallow: /Java
disallow: /L
disallow: /Legal
disallow: /Links
disallow: /Linux
disallow: /Log
disallow: /Login
disallow: /Logs
disallow: /M
disallow: /MANIFEST.MF
disallow: /META-INF
disallow: /Main
disallow: /Main_Page
disallow: /Media
disallow: /Members
disallow: /Menus
disallow: /Misc
disallow: /Music
disallow: /N
disallow: /News
disallow: /O
disallow: /OasDefault
disallow: /Office
disallow: /P
disallow: /PHP
disallow: /PDF
disallow: /Pages
disallow: /People
disallow: /Press
disallow: /Privacy
disallow: /Products
disallow: /Projects
disallow: /Publications
disallow: /R
disallow: /RCS
disallow: /README
disallow: /RSS
disallow: /RealMedia
disallow: /Research
disallow: /Resources
disallow: /S
disallow: /Scripts
disallow: /Search
disallow: /Security
disallow: /Services
disallow: /Servlet
disallow: /Servlets
disallow: /SiteMap
disallow: /SiteServer
disallow: /Sites
disallow: /Software
disallow: /Sources
disallow: /Sports
disallow: /Statistics
disallow: /Stats
disallow: /Support
disallow: /T
disallow: /Technology
disallow: /Themes
disallow: /Travel
disallow: /U
disallow: /US
disallow: /Utilities
disallow: /V
disallow: /Video
disallow: /W
disallow: /W3SVC
disallow: /W3SVC1
disallow: /W3SVC2
disallow: /W3SVC3
disallow: /WEB-INF
disallow: /Windows
disallow: /X
disallow: /XML
disallow: /_admin
disallow: /_images
disallow: /_mem_bin
disallow: /_pages
disallow: /_vti_aut
disallow: /_vti_bin
disallow: /_vti_cnf
disallow: /_vti_log
disallow: /_vti_pvt
disallow: /_vti_rpc
disallow: /a
disallow: /aa
disallow: /aaa
disallow: /abc
disallow: /about
disallow: /about-us
disallow: /about_us
disallow: /aboutus
disallow: /abstract
disallow: /academic
disallow: /academics
disallow: /access
disallow: /accessgranted
disallow: /accessibility
disallow: /accessories
disallow: /account
disallow: /accountants
disallow: /accounting
disallow: /accounts
disallow: /achitecture
disallow: /action
disallow: /actions
disallow: /active
disallow: /activities
disallow: /ad
disallow: /adclick
disallow: /add
disallow: /adlog
disallow: /adm
disallow: /admin
disallow: /admin_
disallow: /admin_login
disallow: /admin_logon
disallow: /adminhelp
disallow: /administrat
disallow: /administration
disallow: /administrator
disallow: /adminlogin
disallow: /adminlogon
disallow: /adminsql
disallow: /admissions
disallow: /admon
disallow: /ads
disallow: /adsl
disallow: /adv
disallow: /advanced
disallow: /advanced_search
disallow: /advertise
disallow: /advertisement
disallow: /advertising
disallow: /adview
disallow: /advisories
disallow: /affiliate
disallow: /affiliates
disallow: /africa
disallow: /agenda
disallow: /agent
disallow: /agents
disallow: /ajax
disallow: /album
disallow: /albums
disallow: /alert
disallow: /alerts
disallow: /alias
disallow: /aliases
disallow: /all
disallow: /alpha
disallow: /alumni
disallow: /amazon
disallow: /analog
disallow: /analyse
disallow: /analysis
disallow: /announce
disallow: /announcements
disallow: /answer
disallow: /antispam
disallow: /antivirus
disallow: /any
disallow: /aol
disallow: /ap
disallow: /apache
disallow: /api
disallow: /apl
disallow: /apm
disallow: /app
disallow: /apple
disallow: /applet
disallow: /applets
disallow: /appliance
disallow: /application
disallow: /applications
disallow: /apply
disallow: /apps
disallow: /ar
disallow: /architecture
disallow: /archive
disallow: /archives
disallow: /arrow
disallow: /ars
disallow: /art
disallow: /article
disallow: /articles
disallow: /arts
disallow: /asia
disallow: /ask
disallow: /asp
disallow: /aspadmin
disallow: /aspnet_client
disallow: /asps
disallow: /assets
disallow: /at
disallow: /atom
disallow: /attach
disallow: /attachments
disallow: /au
disallow: /audio
disallow: /audit
disallow: /auth
disallow: /author
disallow: /authors
disallow: /auto
disallow: /automatic
disallow: /automotive
disallow: /aux
disallow: /avatars
disallow: /awards
disallow: /b
disallow: /b1
disallow: /back
disallow: /back-up
disallow: /backdoor
disallow: /backend
disallow: /background
disallow: /backoffice
disallow: /backup
disallow: /backups
disallow: /bak
disallow: /bak-up
disallow: /bakup
disallow: /bank
disallow: /banks
disallow: /banner
disallow: /banner2
disallow: /banners
disallow: /bar
disallow: /base
disallow: /baseball
disallow: /basic
disallow: /basket
disallow: /basketball
disallow: /bass
disallow: /batch
disallow: /bb
disallow: /bbs
disallow: /bd
disallow: /bdata
disallow: /bea
disallow: /bean
disallow: /beans
disallow: /benefits
disallow: /beta
disallow: /bg
disallow: /bill
disallow: /billing
disallow: /bin
disallow: /binaries
disallow: /bio
disallow: /bios
disallow: /biz
disallow: /bl
disallow: /black
disallow: /blank
disallow: /blocks
disallow: /blog
disallow: /blogger
disallow: /bloggers
disallow: /blogs
disallow: /blow
disallow: /blue
disallow: /board
disallow: /boards
disallow: /body
disallow: /book
disallow: /books
disallow: /bookstore
disallow: /boot
disallow: /bot
disallow: /bots
disallow: /bottom
disallow: /box
disallow: /boxes
disallow: /br
disallow: /broadband
disallow: /broken
disallow: /browse
disallow: /browser
disallow: /bsd
disallow: /bug
disallow: /bugs
disallow: /build
disallow: /builder
disallow: /bulk
disallow: /bullet
disallow: /business
disallow: /button
disallow: /buttons
disallow: /buy
disallow: /c
disallow: /ca
disallow: /cache
disallow: /cachemgr
disallow: /cad
disallow: /calendar
disallow: /campaign
disallow: /can
disallow: /canada
disallow: /captcha
disallow: /car
disallow: /card
disallow: /cardinal
disallow: /cards
disallow: /career
disallow: /careers
disallow: /carofthemonth
disallow: /carpet
disallow: /cars
disallow: /cart
disallow: /cas
disallow: /cases
disallow: /casestudies
disallow: /cat
disallow: /catalog
disallow: /catalogs
disallow: /catch
disallow: /categories
disallow: /category
disallow: /cc
disallow: /ccs
disallow: /cd
disallow: /cdrom
disallow: /cert
disallow: /certenroll
disallow: /certificate
disallow: /certificates
disallow: /certification
disallow: /certs
disallow: /cfdocs
disallow: /cfg
disallow: /cfide
disallow: /cgi
disallow: /cgi-bin
disallow: /cgi-bin/
disallow: /cgi-exe
disallow: /cgi-home
disallow: /cgi-local
disallow: /cgi-perl
disallow: /cgi-sys
disallow: /cgi-win
disallow: /cgibin
disallow: /cgis
disallow: /ch
disallow: /chan
disallow: /change
disallow: /changelog
disallow: /changepw
disallow: /changes
disallow: /channel
disallow: /chart
disallow: /chat
disallow: /check
disallow: /china
disallow: /cisco
disallow: /class
disallow: /classes
disallow: /classic
disallow: /classified
disallow: /classifieds
disallow: /clear
disallow: /clearpixel
disallow: /click
disallow: /client
disallow: /clients
disallow: /cluster
disallow: /cm
disallow: /cmd
disallow: /cms
disallow: /cn
disallow: /cnt
disallow: /code
disallow: /codepages
disallow: /coffee
disallow: /coke
disallow: /collapse
disallow: /college
disallow: /columnists
disallow: /columns
disallow: /com
disallow: /com1
disallow: /com2
disallow: /com3
disallow: /com4
disallow: /comics
disallow: /command
disallow: /comment
disallow: /commentary
disallow: /comments
disallow: /commerce
disallow: /commercial
disallow: /common
disallow: /communications
disallow: /community
disallow: /comp
disallow: /companies
disallow: /company
disallow: /compare
disallow: /compat
disallow: /compliance
disallow: /component
disallow: /components
disallow: /compose
disallow: /composer
disallow: /compressed
disallow: /computer
disallow: /computers
disallow: /computing
disallow: /comunicator
disallow: /con
disallow: /conf
disallow: /conference
disallow: /conferences
disallow: /config
disallow: /configs
disallow: /configuration
disallow: /configure
disallow: /connect
disallow: /connections
disallow: /console
disallow: /constant
disallow: /constants
disallow: /consulting
disallow: /consumer
disallow: /contact
disallow: /contact-us
disallow: /contact_us
disallow: /contactinfo
disallow: /contacts
disallow: /contactus
disallow: /content
disallow: /contents
disallow: /contest
disallow: /contests
disallow: /contrib
disallow: /contribute
disallow: /control
disallow: /controller
disallow: /controlpanel
disallow: /controls
disallow: /cookies
disallow: /cool
disallow: /copyright
disallow: /corba
disallow: /core
disallow: /corp
disallow: /corporate
disallow: /corporation
disallow: /corrections
disallow: /count
disallow: /counter
disallow: /country
disallow: /courses
disallow: /cover
disallow: /covers
disallow: /cp
disallow: /cpanel
disallow: /crack
disallow: /create
disallow: /creation
disallow: /credit
disallow: /creditcards
disallow: /credits
disallow: /crime
disallow: /cron
disallow: /crs
disallow: /crypto
disallow: /cs
disallow: /css
disallow: /ct
disallow: /culture
disallow: /current
disallow: /custom
disallow: /customer
disallow: /customers
disallow: /cv
disallow: /cvs
disallow: /d
disallow: /daemon
disallow: /daily
disallow: /dat
disallow: /data
disallow: /database
disallow: /databases
disallow: /date
disallow: /dating
disallow: /dav
disallow: /db
disallow: /dba
disallow: /dbase
disallow: /dbg
disallow: /dbi
disallow: /dbm
disallow: /dbms
disallow: /dc
disallow: /de
disallow: /de_DE
disallow: /debian
disallow: /debug
disallow: /dec
disallow: /default
disallow: /defaults
disallow: /delete
disallow: /deletion
disallow: /delicious
disallow: /demo
disallow: /demos
disallow: /deny
disallow: /deploy
disallow: /deployment
disallow: /design
disallow: /desktop
disallow: /desktops
disallow: /detail
disallow: /details
disallow: /dev
disallow: /dev60cgi
disallow: /devel
disallow: /develop
disallow: /developement
disallow: /developer
disallow: /developers
disallow: /development
disallow: /device
disallow: /devices
disallow: /devs
disallow: /devtools
disallow: /diag
disallow: /dial
disallow: /diary
disallow: /dig
disallow: /digg
disallow: /digital
disallow: /dir
disallow: /directions
disallow: /directories
disallow: /directory
disallow: /dirphp
disallow: /disclaimer
disallow: /disclosure
disallow: /discovery
disallow: /discuss
disallow: /discussion
disallow: /disk
disallow: /dispatch
disallow: /dispatcher
disallow: /display
disallow: /divider
disallow: /dl
disallow: /dms
disallow: /dns
disallow: /do
disallow: /doc
disallow: /docs
disallow: /docs41
disallow: /docs51
disallow: /document
disallow: /document_library
disallow: /documentation
disallow: /documents
disallow: /donate
disallow: /donations
disallow: /dot
disallow: /down
disallow: /download
disallow: /downloads
disallow: /draft
disallow: /dragon
disallow: /dratfs
disallow: /driver
disallow: /drivers
disallow: /ds
disallow: /dump
disallow: /dumpenv
disallow: /dvd
disallow: /e
disallow: /easy
disallow: /ebay
disallow: /ebriefs
disallow: /echannel
disallow: /ecommerce
disallow: /edgy
disallow: /edit
disallow: /editor
disallow: /editorial
disallow: /editorials
disallow: /education
disallow: /electronics
disallow: /element
disallow: /elements
disallow: /email
disallow: /emoticons
disallow: /employees
disallow: /employment
disallow: /empty
disallow: /en
disallow: /en_US
disallow: /encryption
disallow: /energy
disallow: /eng
disallow: /engine
disallow: /engines
disallow: /english
disallow: /enterprise
disallow: /entertainment
disallow: /entry
disallow: /env
disallow: /environ
disallow: /environment
disallow: /errata
disallow: /error
disallow: /errors
disallow: /es
disallow: /es_ES
disallow: /esales
disallow: /esp
disallow: /espanol
disallow: /established
disallow: /esupport
disallow: /etc
disallow: /ethics
disallow: /europe
disallow: /event
disallow: /events
disallow: /example
disallow: /examples
disallow: /exchange
disallow: /exe
disallow: /exec
disallow: /executable
disallow: /executables
disallow: /exiar
disallow: /expert
disallow: /experts
disallow: /exploits
disallow: /explorer
disallow: /export
disallow: /external
disallow: /extra
disallow: /extranet
disallow: /f
disallow: /facts
disallow: /faculty
disallow: /fail
disallow: /failed
disallow: /family
disallow: /faq
disallow: /faqs
disallow: /fashion
disallow: /favicon.ico
disallow: /favorites
disallow: /fcgi-bin
disallow: /feature
disallow: /featured
disallow: /features
disallow: /fedora
disallow: /feed
disallow: /feedback
disallow: /feeds
disallow: /field
disallow: /file
disallow: /fileadmin
disallow: /filelist
disallow: /files
disallow: /film
disallow: /filter
disallow: /finance
disallow: /financial
disallow: /find
disallow: /firefox
disallow: /firewall
disallow: /firewalls
disallow: /first
disallow: /fk
disallow: /flags
disallow: /flash
disallow: /flex
disallow: /flow
disallow: /flyspray
disallow: /foia
disallow: /folder
disallow: /folder_new
disallow: /font
disallow: /foo
disallow: /food
disallow: /football
disallow: /footer
disallow: /footers
disallow: /forget
disallow: /forgot
disallow: /forgotten
disallow: /form
disallow: /format
disallow: /formhandler
disallow: /forms
disallow: /formsend
disallow: /formupdate
disallow: /fortune
disallow: /forum
disallow: /forum_old
disallow: /forumdisplay
disallow: /forums
disallow: /forward
disallow: /foto
disallow: /fpdf
disallow: /fr
disallow: /fr_FR
disallow: /frame
disallow: /framework
disallow: /france
disallow: /free
disallow: /freeware
disallow: /french
disallow: /friend
disallow: /friends
disallow: /front
disallow: /frontpage
disallow: /ftp
disallow: /full
disallow: /fun
disallow: /function
disallow: /functions
disallow: /furl
disallow: /future
disallow: /fw
disallow: /fwlink
disallow: /fx
disallow: /g
disallow: /gadgets
disallow: /galleries
disallow: /gallery
disallow: /game
disallow: /games
disallow: /gaming
disallow: /gate
disallow: /gateway
disallow: /gb
disallow: /general
disallow: /generic
disallow: /gentoo
disallow: /german
disallow: /gest
disallow: /get
disallow: /get_file
disallow: /getconfig
disallow: /getfile
disallow: /gettxt
disallow: /gfx
disallow: /gif
disallow: /gifs
disallow: /gifts
disallow: /global
disallow: /globalnav
disallow: /globals
disallow: /glossary
disallow: /go
disallow: /golf
disallow: /gone
disallow: /google
disallow: /government
disallow: /gp
disallow: /gpapp
disallow: /gps
disallow: /gr
disallow: /granted
disallow: /graphics
disallow: /green
disallow: /group
disallow: /groupcp
disallow: /groups
disallow: /gs
disallow: /guest
disallow: /guestbook
disallow: /guests
disallow: /guide
disallow: /guidelines
disallow: /guides
disallow: /h
disallow: /hack
disallow: /hacker
disallow: /hacking
disallow: /handler
disallow: /hanlder
disallow: /happening
disallow: /hardcore
disallow: /hardware
disallow: /head
disallow: /header
disallow: /header_logo
disallow: /headers
disallow: /headlines
disallow: /health
disallow: /healthcare
disallow: /hello
disallow: /helloworld
disallow: /help
disallow: /hidden
disallow: /hide
disallow: /history
disallow: /hitcount
disallow: /hits
disallow: /holiday
disallow: /holidays
disallow: /home
disallow: /homepage
disallow: /homes
disallow: /homework
disallow: /honda
disallow: /host
disallow: /hosting
disallow: /hosts
disallow: /hotels
disallow: /house
disallow: /how
disallow: /howto
disallow: /hp
disallow: /hr
disallow: /htbin
disallow: /htdocs
disallow: /htm
disallow: /html
disallow: /htmls
disallow: /hu
disallow: /humor
disallow: /i
disallow: /ibm
disallow: /ico
disallow: /icon
disallow: /icons
disallow: /icq
disallow: /id
disallow: /idbc
disallow: /identity
disallow: /ie
disallow: /iis
disallow: /iisadmin
disallow: /iisadmpwd
disallow: /iissamples
disallow: /im
disallow: /image
disallow: /images
disallow: /images01
disallow: /img
disallow: /imgs
disallow: /import
disallow: /impressum
disallow: /in
disallow: /inbox
disallow: /inc
disallow: /include
disallow: /includes
disallow: /incoming
disallow: /incs
disallow: /index
disallow: /index1
disallow: /index2
disallow: /index3
disallow: /index_01
disallow: /index_adm
disallow: /index_admin
disallow: /indexes
disallow: /industries
disallow: /industry
disallow: /info
disallow: /information
disallow: /ingres
disallow: /ingress
disallow: /ini
disallow: /init
disallow: /injection
disallow: /input
disallow: /install
disallow: /installation
disallow: /insurance
disallow: /intel
disallow: /interactive
disallow: /interface
disallow: /internal
disallow: /international
disallow: /internet
disallow: /interview
disallow: /interviews
disallow: /intl
disallow: /intracorp
disallow: /intranet
disallow: /intro
disallow: /introduction
disallow: /inventory
disallow: /investors
disallow: /invitation
disallow: /invite
disallow: /ip
disallow: /ipod
disallow: /ipp
disallow: /ips
disallow: /iraq
disallow: /irc
disallow: /issue
disallow: /issues
disallow: /it
disallow: /it_IT
disallow: /item
disallow: /items
disallow: /j
disallow: /ja
disallow: /ja_JP
disallow: /japan
disallow: /java
disallow: /java-sys
disallow: /javascript
disallow: /jdbc
disallow: /job
disallow: /jobs
disallow: /join
disallow: /journal
disallow: /journals
disallow: /jp
disallow: /jrun
disallow: /js
disallow: /jsFiles
disallow: /jsp
disallow: /jsp-examples
disallow: /jsp2
disallow: /jsps
disallow: /jsr
disallow: /jump
disallow: /k
disallow: /kb
disallow: /keep
disallow: /kept
disallow: /kernel
disallow: /key
disallow: /keygen
disallow: /kids
disallow: /ko
disallow: /ko_KR
disallow: /kontakt
disallow: /l
disallow: /lab
disallow: /labs
disallow: /landing
disallow: /landwind
disallow: /lang
disallow: /language
disallow: /languages
disallow: /laptops
disallow: /lastpost
disallow: /latest
disallow: /launch
disallow: /launchpage
disallow: /law
disallow: /layout
disallow: /layouts
disallow: /ldap
disallow: /learn
disallow: /left
disallow: /legal
disallow: /legislation
disallow: /letters
disallow: /level
disallow: /lg
disallow: /lib
disallow: /libraries
disallow: /library
disallow: /libs
disallow: /licence
disallow: /license
disallow: /licensing
disallow: /life
disallow: /lifestyle
disallow: /line
disallow: /link
disallow: /links
disallow: /linktous
disallow: /linux
disallow: /lisence
disallow: /lisense
disallow: /list
disallow: /listinfo
disallow: /lists
disallow: /live
disallow: /load
disallow: /loader
disallow: /loading
disallow: /local
disallow: /location
disallow: /locations
disallow: /lock
disallow: /lockout
disallow: /log
disallow: /logfile
disallow: /logfiles
disallow: /logger
disallow: /logging
disallow: /login
disallow: /loginadmin
disallow: /logo
disallow: /logon
disallow: /logos
disallow: /logout
disallow: /logs
disallow: /lost%2Bfound
disallow: /lpt1
disallow: /lpt2
disallow: /ls
disallow: /m
disallow: /m1
disallow: /mac
disallow: /magazine
disallow: /magazines
disallow: /magic
disallow: /mail
disallow: /mailbox
disallow: /mailinglist
disallow: /maillist
disallow: /mailman
disallow: /main
disallow: /maint
disallow: /makefile
disallow: /man
disallow: /mana
disallow: /manage
disallow: /management
disallow: /manager
disallow: /manifest
disallow: /manifest.mf
disallow: /mantis
disallow: /manual
disallow: /map
disallow: /maps
disallow: /market
disallow: /marketing
disallow: /marketplace
disallow: /markets
disallow: /master
disallow: /masthead
disallow: /mb
disallow: /mbo
disallow: /mdb
disallow: /me
disallow: /media
disallow: /mediakit
disallow: /mediawiki
disallow: /meetings
disallow: /member
disallow: /memberlist
disallow: /members
disallow: /membership
disallow: /memory
disallow: /menu
disallow: /message
disallow: /messages
disallow: /messaging
disallow: /meta
disallow: /metabase
disallow: /mgr
disallow: /microsoft
disallow: /military
disallow: /mine
disallow: /mini
disallow: /minimum
disallow: /mirror
disallow: /mirrors
disallow: /misc
disallow: /miscellaneous
disallow: /mission
disallow: /mkstats
disallow: /mobile
disallow: /model
disallow: /modem
disallow: /mods
disallow: /module
disallow: /modules
disallow: /money
disallow: /monitor
disallow: /more
disallow: /moto-news
disallow: /moto1
disallow: /mount
disallow: /movie
disallow: /movies
disallow: /mozilla
disallow: /mp3
disallow: /mp3s
disallow: /mqseries
disallow: /mrtg
disallow: /ms
disallow: /ms-sql
disallow: /msadc
disallow: /msn
disallow: /msql
disallow: /mssql
disallow: /mt
disallow: /multimedia
disallow: /music
disallow: /my
disallow: /my-sql
disallow: /myaccount
disallow: /myspace
disallow: /mysql
disallow: /n
disallow: /names
disallow: /national
disallow: /nav
disallow: /navigation
disallow: /ne
disallow: /net
disallow: /netscape
disallow: /netstat
disallow: /netstorage
disallow: /network
disallow: /networking
disallow: /new
disallow: /news
disallow: /newsletter
disallow: /newsletters
disallow: /newsroom
disallow: /next
disallow: /nieuws
disallow: /nl
disallow: /no
disallow: /nobody
disallow: /node
disallow: /nokia
disallow: /notes
disallow: /novell
disallow: /nul
disallow: /null
disallow: /number
disallow: /o
disallow: /object
disallow: /objects
disallow: /odbc
disallow: /of
disallow: /off
disallow: /offerdetail
disallow: /offers
disallow: /office
disallow: /ogl
disallow: /old
disallow: /oldie
disallow: /on
disallow: /online
disallow: /open
disallow: /openapp
disallow: /openbsd
disallow: /openfile
disallow: /opensource
disallow: /operator
disallow: /opinion
disallow: /opinions
disallow: /opml
disallow: /options
disallow: /oracle
disallow: /oradata
disallow: /order
disallow: /orders
disallow: /org
disallow: /original
disallow: /os
disallow: /other
disallow: /others
disallow: /out
disallow: /outgoing
disallow: /output
disallow: /overview
disallow: /p
disallow: /packages
disallow: /packaging
disallow: /pad
disallow: /page
disallow: /page2
disallow: /pages
disallow: /pam
disallow: /panel
disallow: /paper
disallow: /papers
disallow: /partner
disallow: /partners
disallow: /pass
disallow: /passes
disallow: /passw
disallow: /passwd
disallow: /passwor
disallow: /password
disallow: /passwords
disallow: /patches
disallow: /patents
disallow: /path
disallow: /payments
disallow: /paypal
disallow: /pc
disallow: /pda
disallow: /pdf
disallow: /pdfs
disallow: /people
disallow: /perl
disallow: /perl5
disallow: /personal
disallow: /personals
disallow: /pgp
disallow: /pgsql
disallow: /phishing
disallow: /phone
disallow: /phones
disallow: /photo
disallow: /photogallery
disallow: /photography
disallow: /photos
disallow: /php
disallow: /phpBB2
disallow: /phpMyAdmin
disallow: /phpmyadmin
disallow: /phppgadmin
disallow: /phpinfo
disallow: /phps
disallow: /pic
disallow: /pics
disallow: /pictures
disallow: /ping
disallow: /pipermail
disallow: /pix
disallow: /pixel
disallow: /pl
disallow: /play
disallow: /player
disallow: /pls
disallow: /plugins
disallow: /plus
disallow: /plx
disallow: /podcast
disallow: /podcasting
disallow: /podcasts
disallow: /poker
disallow: /pol
disallow: /policies
disallow: /policy
disallow: /politics
disallow: /poll
disallow: /polls
disallow: /pop
disallow: /popular
disallow: /popup
disallow: /portal
disallow: /portfolio
disallow: /portlet
disallow: /portlets
disallow: /ports
disallow: /post
disallow: /postgres
disallow: /posting
disallow: /posts
disallow: /power
disallow: /pp
disallow: /pr
disallow: /preferences
disallow: /preload
disallow: /premiere
disallow: /premium
disallow: /presentations
disallow: /press
disallow: /press_releases
disallow: /presse
disallow: /pressreleases
disallow: /pressroom
disallow: /preview
disallow: /pricing
disallow: /print
disallow: /printenv
disallow: /printer
disallow: /printers
disallow: /priv
disallow: /privacy
disallow: /privacy-policy
disallow: /privacy_policy
disallow: /privacypolicy
disallow: /private
disallow: /privmsg
disallow: /privs
disallow: /prn
disallow: /pro
disallow: /problems
disallow: /process
disallow: /processform
disallow: /prod
disallow: /producers
disallow: /product
disallow: /product_info
disallow: /production
disallow: /products
disallow: /professor
disallow: /profile
disallow: /profiles
disallow: /prog
disallow: /program
disallow: /programming
disallow: /programs
disallow: /project
disallow: /projects
disallow: /promo
disallow: /promos
disallow: /promotions
disallow: /proof
disallow: /properties
disallow: /property
disallow: /protect
disallow: /protected
disallow: /proxy
disallow: /ps
disallow: /psp
disallow: /pt
disallow: /pt_BR
disallow: /pub
disallow: /public
disallow: /publications
disallow: /publish
disallow: /publisher
disallow: /pubs
disallow: /purchase
disallow: /purchases
disallow: /put
disallow: /pw
disallow: /pwd
disallow: /python
disallow: /q
disallow: /query
disallow: /question
disallow: /questions
disallow: /queue
disallow: /quiz
disallow: /quote
disallow: /quotes
disallow: /r
disallow: /r57
disallow: /radio
disallow: /ramon
disallow: /random
disallow: /rank
disallow: /rates
disallow: /rating0
disallow: /rcs
disallow: /read
disallow: /readfolder
disallow: /readme
disallow: /realestate
disallow: /recent
disallow: /redvelvet
disallow: /reddit
disallow: /redir
disallow: /redirect
disallow: /ref
disallow: /reference
disallow: /references
disallow: /reg
disallow: /reginternal
disallow: /regional
disallow: /register
disallow: /registered
disallow: /registration
disallow: /reklama
disallow: /release
disallow: /releases
disallow: /religion
disallow: /remind
disallow: /reminder
disallow: /remote
disallow: /remove
disallow: /removed
disallow: /reply
disallow: /report
disallow: /reporting
disallow: /reports
disallow: /reprints
disallow: /request
disallow: /requisite
disallow: /research
disallow: /reseller
disallow: /resellers
disallow: /resource
disallow: /resources
disallow: /responder
disallow: /restricted
disallow: /results
disallow: /resume
disallow: /retail
disallow: /review
disallow: /reviews
disallow: /rfid
disallow: /right
disallow: /roadmap
disallow: /robot
disallow: /robotics
disallow: /roles
disallow: /root
disallow: /route
disallow: /router
disallow: /rpc
disallow: /rsa
disallow: /rss
disallow: /rss10
disallow: /rss2
disallow: /rss20
disallow: /ru
disallow: /rules
disallow: /run
disallow: /s
disallow: /s1
disallow: /safety
disallow: /sales
disallow: /sample
disallow: /samples
disallow: /save
disallow: /saved
disallow: /sc
disallow: /schedule
disallow: /schema
disallow: /schools
disallow: /science
disallow: /scr
disallow: /scratc
disallow: /screen
disallow: /screens
disallow: /screenshot
disallow: /screenshots
disallow: /script
disallow: /scripts
disallow: /sdk
disallow: /se
disallow: /search
disallow: /secret
disallow: /secrets
disallow: /section
disallow: /sections
disallow: /secure
disallow: /secured
disallow: /security
disallow: /select
disallow: /sell
disallow: /seminars
disallow: /send
disallow: /sendmail
disallow: /sendmessage
disallow: /sensepost
disallow: /sensor
disallow: /sent
disallow: /serial
disallow: /server
disallow: /server_stats
disallow: /servers
disallow: /service
disallow: /services
disallow: /servlet
disallow: /servlets
disallow: /servlets-examples
disallow: /session
disallow: /sessions
disallow: /set
disallow: /setting
disallow: /settings
disallow: /setup
disallow: /sf
disallow: /share
disallow: /shared
disallow: /shell
disallow: /shim
disallow: /shit
disallow: /shop
disallow: /shopper
disallow: /shopping
disallow: /show
disallow: /showallsites
disallow: /showcode
disallow: /shows
disallow: /showthread
disallow: /shtml
disallow: /sign
disallow: /signature
disallow: /signin
disallow: /signup
disallow: /simple
disallow: /single
disallow: /site
disallow: /site-map
disallow: /site_map
disallow: /sitemap
disallow: /sites
disallow: /skins
disallow: /slashdot
disallow: /slideshow
disallow: /small
disallow: /smb
disallow: /smile
disallow: /smiles
disallow: /smilies
disallow: /sms
disallow: /snoop
disallow: /snp
disallow: /soap
disallow: /soapdocs
disallow: /soft
disallow: /software
disallow: /solaris
disallow: /solutions
disallow: /somebody
disallow: /sony
disallow: /source
disallow: /sources
disallow: /sp
disallow: /space
disallow: /spacer
disallow: /spain
disallow: /spam
disallow: /spanish
disallow: /speakers
disallow: /special
disallow: /special_offers
disallow: /specials
disallow: /specs
disallow: /splash
disallow: /sponsor
disallow: /sponsors
disallow: /sport
disallow: /sports
disallow: /spotlight
disallow: /spyware
disallow: /sql
disallow: /sqladmin
disallow: /src
disallow: /srchad
disallow: /srv
disallow: /ss
disallow: /ssh
disallow: /ssi
disallow: /ssl
disallow: /sso
disallow: /st
disallow: /staff
disallow: /standard
disallow: /standards
disallow: /star
disallow: /start
disallow: /startpage
disallow: /stat
disallow: /state
disallow: /states
disallow: /static
disallow: /statistic
disallow: /statistics
disallow: /stats
disallow: /status
disallow: /statusicon
disallow: /stop
disallow: /storage
disallow: /store
disallow: /stores
disallow: /stories
disallow: /story
disallow: /strategy
disallow: /string
disallow: /student
disallow: /students
disallow: /stuff
disallow: /style
disallow: /style_images
disallow: /styles
disallow: /stylesheet
disallow: /stylesheets
disallow: /sub
disallow: /subSilver
disallow: /subject
disallow: /submit
disallow: /submitter
disallow: /subscribe
disallow: /subscription
disallow: /subscriptions
disallow: /success
disallow: /summary
disallow: /sun
disallow: /super
disallow: /support
disallow: /supported
disallow: /survey
disallow: /svc
disallow: /svn
disallow: /svr
disallow: /sw
disallow: /syndication
disallow: /sys
disallow: /sysadmin
disallow: /system
disallow: /system_web
disallow: /t
disallow: /t1
disallow: /table
disallow: /tabs
disallow: /tag
disallow: /tagline
disallow: /tags
disallow: /talk
disallow: /talks
disallow: /tape
disallow: /tar
disallow: /target
disallow: /task
disallow: /taxonomy
disallow: /team
disallow: /tech
disallow: /technical
disallow: /technology
disallow: /television
disallow: /temp
disallow: /template
disallow: /templates
disallow: /temporal
disallow: /temps
disallow: /term
disallow: /terminal
disallow: /terms
disallow: /termsofuse
disallow: /terrorism
disallow: /test
disallow: /testimonials
disallow: /testing
disallow: /tests
disallow: /text
disallow: /texts
disallow: /theme
disallow: /themes
disallow: /thread
disallow: /thumb
disallow: /thumbnails
disallow: /thumbs
disallow: /ticket
disallow: /time
disallow: /timeline
disallow: /tip
disallow: /tips
disallow: /title
disallow: /titles
disallow: /tmp
disallow: /tn
disallow: /toc
disallow: /today
disallow: /tomcat-docs
disallow: /tool
disallow: /toolbar
disallow: /tools
disallow: /top
disallow: /top1
disallow: /topic
disallow: /topics
disallow: /topnav
disallow: /topsites
disallow: /tos
disallow: /tour
disallow: /toys
disallow: /tpv
disallow: /tr
disallow: /trace
disallow: /traceroute
disallow: /track
disallow: /trackback
disallow: /tracker
disallow: /trademarks
disallow: /traffic
disallow: /training
disallow: /trans
disallow: /transactions
disallow: /transfer
disallow: /transformations
disallow: /transparent
disallow: /transport
disallow: /trap
disallow: /trash
disallow: /travel
disallow: /tree
disallow: /trees
disallow: /trunk
disallow: /tuning
disallow: /tutorial
disallow: /tutorials
disallow: /tv
disallow: /twiki
disallow: /txt
disallow: /u
disallow: /uddi
disallow: /ui
disallow: /uk
disallow: /uncategorized
disallow: /uninstall
disallow: /unix
disallow: /up
disallow: /update
disallow: /updateinstaller
disallow: /updates
disallow: /upgrade
disallow: /upload
disallow: /uploader
disallow: /uploads
disallow: /url
disallow: /us
disallow: /usa
disallow: /usage
disallow: /user
disallow: /users
disallow: /usr
disallow: /ustats
disallow: /util
disallow: /utilities
disallow: /utility
disallow: /utils
disallow: /v
disallow: /v2
disallow: /validation
disallow: /validatior
disallow: /vap
disallow: /var
disallow: /vb
disallow: /vbs
disallow: /vbscript
disallow: /vbscripts
disallow: /vcss
disallow: /vendor
disallow: /version
disallow: /vfs
disallow: /vi
disallow: /viagra
disallow: /video
disallow: /videos
disallow: /view
disallow: /viewer
disallow: /viewforum
disallow: /viewonline
disallow: /views
disallow: /viewtopic
disallow: /virtual
disallow: /virus
disallow: /visitor
disallow: /vista
disallow: /voip
disallow: /volunteer
disallow: /vote
disallow: /vpg
disallow: /vpn
disallow: /w
disallow: /w3
disallow: /w3c
disallow: /wallpapers
disallow: /warez
disallow: /wdav
disallow: /weather
disallow: /web
disallow: /webaccess
disallow: /webadmin
disallow: /webapp
disallow: /webboard
disallow: /webcart
disallow: /webcast
disallow: /webcasts
disallow: /webcgi
disallow: /webdata
disallow: /webdav
disallow: /webdist
disallow: /webhits
disallow: /weblog
disallow: /weblogic
disallow: /weblogs
disallow: /webmail
disallow: /webmaster
disallow: /webmasters
disallow: /websearch
disallow: /website
disallow: /webstat
disallow: /webstats
disallow: /webvpn
disallow: /weekly
disallow: /welcome
disallow: /wellcome
disallow: /what
disallow: /whatever
disallow: /whatnot
disallow: /whatsnew
disallow: /white
disallow: /whitepaper
disallow: /whitepapers
disallow: /who
disallow: /whois
disallow: /whosonline
disallow: /why
disallow: /wifi
disallow: /wii
disallow: /wiki
disallow: /will
disallow: /win
disallow: /windows
disallow: /wink
disallow: /wireless
disallow: /word
disallow: /wordpress
disallow: /work
disallow: /workplace
disallow: /workshop
disallow: /workshops
disallow: /world
disallow: /worldwide
disallow: /wp
disallow: /wp-content
disallow: /wp-includes
disallow: /wp-login
disallow: /wp-register
disallow: /writing
disallow: /ws
disallow: /wss
disallow: /wstats
disallow: /wusage
disallow: /wwhelp
disallow: /www
disallow: /wwwboard
disallow: /wwwjoin
disallow: /wwwlog
disallow: /wwwstats
disallow: /x
disallow: /xbox
disallow: /xcache
disallow: /xdb
disallow: /xfer
disallow: /xml
disallow: /xmlrpc
disallow: /xsl
disallow: /xsql
disallow: /xx
disallow: /xxx
disallow: /xyz
disallow: /y
disallow: /yahoo
disallow: /z
disallow: /zap
disallow: /zh
disallow: /zh_CN
disallow: /zh_TW
disallow: /zip
disallow: /zipfiles
disallow: /zips
disallow: /~adm
disallow: /~admin
disallow: /~administrator
disallow: /~bin
disallow: /~ftp
disallow: /~guest
disallow: /~mail
disallow: /~operator
disallow: /~root
disallow: /~sys
disallow: /~sysadm
disallow: /~sysadmin
disallow: /~test
disallow: /~user
disallow: /~webmaster
disallow: /~www
